Have a seat, please.
You people from Nangong Group are really top-notch
Beautiful drink
No need, Mr. Li
This is the plan.
Please take a look first
I'll get you a Pink Lady
The most suitable for a pure intern like you
Mr. Li, please look at the genuine plan first.
I made some modifications.
I think your company's upfront investment
You can be bold.
Use more expensive equipment
To ensure the safety of consumers
How did you know I like to be bold
It smells so good.
Here comes the wine you want
Come and drink this glass of wine and I'll sign the contract
You don't want to go back and not be able to pay the difference, do you?
Mr. Li, is this how you do business?
That's how I do business.
The old lady gave me such a masterpiece today
I have no gift not to enjoy
old lady
Where to go?
If you die, I won't do it.
Smelly, you don't like to play this game, do you?
The unit has you crying, I have already saved people
You don't have to let go of that throat.
No one will save you, right?